W-15585650 acb governance duke (#306)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/des-govern-api.adoc

+
image:anypoint-code-builder::gov-rulesets-warning.png["Ruleset with warnings in API Governance panel",width=500]
+

> Execution times for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of execution times for each rule validation. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time. 

Author: ```suggestion
Execution times displayed for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of time it takes to run each rule. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time. 
```

> Execution times displayed for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of time it takes to run each rule. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time. 

Author: ```suggestion
Execution times displayed for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of time it takes to run each rule. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual time to complete the execution. 
```

> Execution times for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of execution periods for each rule validation. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time.

Author: ```suggestion
Execution times for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of execution times for each rule validation. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time. 
```

> Validation times for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of validation times for each rule validation. However, due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, a ruleset's validation time is likely to be greater than rule validations take to complete.

Author: ```suggestion
Execution times for a ruleset (such as 19.25s) represent the sum of execution periods for each rule validation. Due to parallel execution of rules on machines with multiple cores, the execution time displayed for a ruleset is likely to be greater than the actual execution time.
```
